Update README with new Vercel Deploy Buttons (#3)
ButterCMS/nextjs-starter-buttercms: README.md

First, install the dependencies by running one of these commands, depending on your current setup:
```bash
npm install # or yarn install
```

## 2) Set API Token

To fetch your ButterCMS content, add your API token as an environment variable.

```bash
$ echo 'NEXT_PUBLIC_BUTTER_CMS_API_KEY=<Your API Token>' >> .env
```

## 3) Run the local server

> To view the app in the browser, you'll need to run the local development server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the app in a browser, you'll need to run the local development server:
```
If you're not referring to a specific browser, I believe the indefinite article is likely correct.

```bash
npm run dev # or yarn dev
```

Congratulations! Your starter project is now live: [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## 4) Deploy

> Deploy your Butterized proof of concept app and to spread your love of Butter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy your Butterized proof of concept app and spread your love of Butter.
```
Either "and" or "to"

###  Vercel

> Deploy your Next.js app using Vercel the creators of Next.js. This process will create a copy of the this starter project in your Git provider account, instantly deploy it, and have a full content workflow connected to your ButterCMS account. Smooth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy your Next.js app using Vercel, the creators of Next.js. With the click of a button, you'll create a copy of your starter project in your Git provider account, instantly deploy it, and institute a full content workflow connected to your ButterCMS account. Smooth.
```

These are little nitpicky things - obviously the wording is up for grabs, but there were some places where the subject/verb agreement weren't super clear, so I just went in and tweaked those.
